# zork_reboot

The aim of our project is to develop an in-depth, immersive, text-based interactive fiction game. The game will consist of an expansive world within which players can move, explore the surroundings, interact with objects in the world through issuing short, text-based commands. As an example, players may be able to issue commands to move in particular directions, inspect particular objects more closely, pick up and use objects, or read particular things. In order to progress in the game, players will need to solve puzzles presented to them. Players will find themselves thrust into the midst of a mysterious location with a unusual, interesting history and must explore the world to learn more about it. In particular, we hope to model our game after other text-based interactive fiction games such as Zork.

In order to implement this game, we will need to accomplish several tasks. Firstly, we will need to devise a sufficiently intelligent parser that is capable of interpreting a variety of possible text-based commands that, furthermore, is also reasonably flexible (i.e. there are multiple ways to achieve the same thing) to provide players with greater ease of use. Secondly, we will need to devise a way to represent the world itself and any objects, interactive or otherwise, within each location of the world. Building a traversable graph or tree structure would likely be sufficient to complete this task. Finally, we must write the story and world within which the game will take place.
